Update main branch after releasing v11.0.0 (#2406)
ansible-collections/community.aws: README.md

## Included content
<!--start collection content-->

> See the complete list of collection content in the [Plugin Index](https://ansible-collections.github.io/community.aws/branch/stable-11/collections/community/aws/index.html#plugin-index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the complete list of collection content in the [Plugin Index](https://ansible-collections.github.io/community.aws/branch/main/collections/community/aws/index.html#plugin-index).
```
